Troubleshooting guide update (#720)
Netcracker/KubeMarine: documentation/Troubleshooting.md

- Ensure that critical services such as OpenSSH are upgraded when their dependencies, like OpenSSL, are updated.
- Test updates in a staging environment to catch compatibility issues before deployment.

**Note**: Not applicable.

## Packets loss during the transmission between nodes

### Description

> Packets are lost during the transmission between nodes that are located in defferent subnets. It appears in retries of TCP sessions or inability to get the UDP packets in case of high network load. The root cause is in theIaaS level routers performance. Basically, routing works slower than switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packets are lost during the transmission between nodes that are located in different subnets. It appears in retries of TCP sessions or inability to get the UDP packets in case of high network load. The root cause is in the IaaS level routers performance. Basically, routing works slower than switching.
```
